README.md, before:

# Andy Matuschak Mode Obsidian Plugin
Andy Matuschak Mode as a plugin. Utilizing the [volcano](https://github.com/kognise/volcano) unofficial plugin loader by [kognise](https://github.com/kognise/)

| | |
|--|--|
| ![Carl the Turtle](https://emojipedia-us.s3.dualstack.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/thumbs/60/google/56/turtle_1f422.png) | "The Volcano plugin system is UNOFFICIAL and UNSUPPORTED no matter how Kognise makes things sound, please use it at your own risk. We still love you though Kognise :purple_heart:" | 


(thanks Carl)

## New Features (vs the CSS-only version)
- Note headers stack up on the right _as well as_ the left
- Changing an active pane scrolls that pane into view

## Installation
1. Make sure [volcano is installed](https://github.com/kognise/volcano#installation)
2. Copy `andy-matuschak.js` to `~/volcano/plugins` (`%USERPROFILE%\volcano\plugins` on Windows)
3. Restart Obsidian and watch the magic happen

## Settings
There are two settings for heading width (the width of the rotated header) and the leaf width (the width of a single markdown page).  
I haven't quite figured out how to get them to update when you edit them so any changes will currently require a reload to be seen.

## Notes
This is all very expermental at the moment, so parts might not work, etc.  
It still gets a bit slow if you're loading a lot of documents, so try not to load too many at once.

Commit message:

Initial commit using the new official plugin system

README.md, after:

# Andy Matuschak Mode Obsidian Plugin
Sliding Panes (Andy Matuschak Mode) as a plugin.

This project uses Typescript to provide type checking and documentation.
The repo contains the latest plugin API (obsidian.d.ts) in Typescript Definition format, which contains TSDoc comments describing what it does.

**Note:** The Obsidian API is still in early alpha and is subject to change at any time!

#### Compatibility

Custom plugins are only available for Obsidian v0.9.7+.

The current API of this repo targets Obsidian **v0.9.7**. 

#### How to use

- Clone this repo.
- `npm i` or `yarn` to install dependencies
- `npm run dev` to start compilation in watch mode.

#### How to install the plugin

- Copy over `main.js`, `styles.css`, `manifest.json` to your vault `vault/.obsidian/plugins/plugin-id/`.

## New Features (vs the CSS-only version)
- Note headers stack up on the right _as well as_ the left.
- Changing an active pane scrolls that pane into view.
- Togglable without having to copy CSS into your theme.

## Settings
There is a setting to enable or disable the sliding panes effect, which is also
registered as a command, so you can toggle it from the command pallette or
assign a hotkey.

There are also two settings for heading width (the width of the rotated header) and the leaf width (the width of a single markdown page).

## Notes
This is all very expermental at the moment, so parts might not work, etc.  
It still gets a bit slow if you're loading a lot of documents, so try not to load too many at once.
